Fix typos in README.md (#1)
endowl/opolis-api: README.md

# Opolis API (Proposed)

> All documents and data associated with a member's Opolis membership and benefits are automatically stored in a private textile bucket encrypted with the members public key. Members can retreive data documents at will using textile's `hub` tool or other tools that use the Textile SDKs.

Reviewer: Public is correct

> All documents and data associated with a member's Opolis membership and benefits are automatically stored in a private textile bucket encrypted with the members private key. Members can retreive data documents at will using textile's `hub` tool or other tools that use the Textile SDKs.

Author: ```suggestion
All documents and data associated with a member's Opolis membership and benefits are automatically stored in a private textile bucket encrypted with the member's public key. Members can retrieve data documents at will using textile's `hub` tool or other tools that use the Textile SDKs.
```
